Note Editing
------------
Supports external editors.

Note Management
---------------
Add new notes.
Delete notes.
Add custom note properties.
Delete custom note properties.
Batch add, remove and set tags.
Add links to files in the file system.

Organisation & Navigation
-------------------------
List all notes.
Favorite notes list (implemented as pinned notes).
Pinned notes sort to top.
Categorised, filterable treeviews.
Tag group category view.
Initial letter treeview category view.
Last edit date treeview category view (today, yesterday, last week, etc).
Heirarchical tag groups treeview category view.
Right click note -> open in new window.
Added open note list to Window menu.
Ability to view more than one note at the same time (used MDI model).
Keyboard shortbut to jump to find text box.
Keyboard shortbut to create new note.
Ability to navigate backward and forward through previously viewed notes.
Matching search text should be highlighted in the currently displayed note.
Linked notes.

Searching
---------
Regex searching.
When searching display all matching notes by default unless a category is already selected.
Full text search.
Query search language (field1=value1;field2=value2 where fields are: tags, name, text, all or any custom field).
Powershell search (press enter to search, note being searched is stored in the $note variable).

Repository
----------
Import from nvpy format.
Import from neomem csv export format.
Change to use a RDBMS for storage.
SQL Server store can now save a backup from within the application.
Can now create new stores.
SQL Server database is auto upgraded when the store is opened.

Automation
----------
Hosts the powershell runtime for automation.
Added ability to run a script when the main form loads.
Added ability to run a script when a note form loads.
Added ability to run a script when a new note is created.
Added script editor.
Added ability to run custom scripts.
Added sample 'insert journal' script.
Added script to insert a text based underlining.
Added rich text box helper for easier scripting.
Added script to insert a text based double underlining.

Misc
----
Accept tabs in edit window.
Word wrap toggle for text fields (through editor options menu).
